Cryptocurrency 

Coin name ?? -> SS?, StrixCoin? BitCents? Centidinero? PennyCoin? StrixCents? 

new coins in distribution - >	challenges (but the challenges are not power hungry)(world have enough power problems as it is)

				something that can be automated, something that can be made difficult, or that doesnt need to require human interfernce. 
				something that is as addictive as gaming, but can't be cheated or made dependent on machines, somthing that can be done 
				via any average users and not only via big miners like todays cryptocurrency.
				A task everyone can perform while mantaining the ledger even compatible with smart phones. cause it's not power hunry

				maps? 3d view? somthing hidden. find it and gain coins? or it can be made more difficult, but can machine automation be avoided.
				can only a real user be made to mine one. 
				algorythm generates new co-ordinates every 20 seconds? but will people get bored with it eventually? or is it purely based on luck 
				and people will get addicted
				
				but is it possible to make a game? first person shooter with coins scramble in the map. updating every 15-20 second.
				it might be possible given the constraints. but scrambling coins across the map without cheating might be a problem...
				we could use encryption but it still would be possible to cheat. what if we create a closed system somewhere there that
				generates random coins across the system, but what if someone changes the game code? that would mean that they can spawn
				coins however they want to... but if we use nodes to generate coins in the game instead we would still need to encrypt 
				the location of the new coins, but would that be possible or completely safe? would it bring in brute force attacks? and 
				make the energy dependency problem again.
				this also means creating servers for the online gaming but would it be possible to make the server decentralised too? 
				using nodes and people, as in people themselves would become the servers for the game. but that generates lag, so would
				it be feasble... what if there's a catch that only people who have any stake as in any coins in there can become server 
				when they're offline with a limit ofcourse or can we provide them with any incentive to become a node maybe if it succeeds.
				this approach also means engaging the already present gaming community. also there low attention span. 
				we can also make it so that the coin may or may not show in one game and also for how many seconds will be there during 
				which someone can claim it or it dissappears. 
				but we'll also need to make sure that the game keeps updating to its standards/trends maybe by making it opensource and 
				everyone being able to contribute but the coins function need to be standard in them all. we could generate a random 
				location on the map for the coins by just returning the function whether it should be present here or not and if yes 
				then how many also we'll need to create a check before the gtame validating core files of the function so that no one 
				can change the location of the flag.. this can be done with some anticheats or maybe something different.
